CHUI-50: Add country data for BRA, ARG, BOL and USA (#1)
vtex-apps/countries-data: README.md

# Countries Data

> Monorepo containing the configuration apps for each country. These apps configures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monorepo containing the configuration apps for each country. These apps configure
```

the [`vtex.country-data-settings`](https://github.com/vtex-apps/country-data-settings) service app,
which is currently being used to power Checkout's profile and shipping forms.

## Adding a new country

To add a new country configuration app, use the script `./scripts/create-country-app.js`. The syntax

> supported by this is script is the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supported by this script is the following:
```

```sh
# here you can supply multiple countries if needed
./scripts/create-country-app.js [...country]
```

You must supply the country [ISO-3 code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-3) in lowercase,
which will be used to create the app name and the folder inside `./packages`.

After running the script, you must then fill the configuration for that country inside
`./packages/[country-code]/vtex.country-data-settings/configuration.json`. You can take a look

> at how the other countries filled this configuration and go from there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at how this was done for other countries and go from there.
```
